There are 8 pawn on each side of the color and it is not a part of royal family but if we move it accordingly than it promote to the royal family part.
pawn can only move forward, 2 steps forward if its pawn first move and after that only one step forward. it will hunt by diagonally increment itsel.

@@ Package and Import
Pawn is a part of piece package and it import board to add piece to the board bufferImage to get the pawn symbol from the piece image.

@@ Class and constructer

Pawn class extends piece class and create constructer and use all variable of piece class as argument to define its structure.
	
	Subimage:
	this.sprite:

	Extracts the Pawn's image from the sprite sheet and scales it to fit the board's tile size.
	Uses 5 * sheetscale to select the correct image for a Pawn from the sprite sheet.

@@ Method: isValidMovement
This method ensure that pawn can make make move in correct order.

so basically the logic for pawn is divided in to six part or it can move in this of six part as follow:

	int colorIndex = isWhite ? 1 : -1;:

	Determines the Pawn's movement direction.
	White Pawns move "up" the board (negative rows, hence 1).
	Black Pawns move "down" the board (positive rows, hence -1).	

	// push pawn 1
	Pawns move one step forward (in their movement direction) if the target square is empty.
	Example:

	White Pawn at (4, 6):
	Moves to (4, 5) (row decreases by 1).



	// push pawn 2
	Pawns can move two squares forward from their starting row if both squares are empty.
	Example:

	White Pawn at (4, 6):
	Moves to (4, 4) if (4, 5) and (4, 4) are empty.



	// capture left
	Pawns can capture an opponent's piece one square diagonally to the left.
	Example:
	
	White Pawn at (4, 5):
	Captures at (3, 4) if an opponent's piece is there.



	// capture right
	Similar to the left capture but diagonally to the right.
	Example:

	White Pawn at (4, 5):
	Captures at (5, 4) if an opponent's piece is there.



	// En passant left and right

	En passant is a specific rule you search it on google for more information.

	Special chess rule allowing Pawns to capture an opponent's Pawn that has moved two squares forward from its starting row.
	Example:

	White Pawn at (4, 4):
	Captures a Black Pawn that moved from (5, 6) to (5, 4) via En Passant.



	//Invalid Move:

	If none of the above conditions are met, the move is invalid.

	
